You dare to hurt me
I am the man of the god of war against the wilderness
Move my man
No one can
Cao Xueying turned out to be the same god of war
Where is this man
We are not easy anywhere
Tang Ying God of War
I respect you as a contemporary Mulan
But today I am here to offer a gift to the Qing army
You for this fake
How dare you hurt me?
This is disrespectful to the Qing army
Cut the crap
Go away or die
But what is this?
Xuanyuan sword
The toothed sword is like the Qinling Mountains of the Qing army
You don't kneel down yet
Sword Breaking Heaven March
Tang Ying Battlefield
The Qing army is the king of my great summer
See Wang Kegui
What crime
And you
I really want to die
Both in the county
There is also a flagpole with the prestige of Xuanyuan
Say I'm guilty
I think you are guilty
How can you disrupt the ivy feast?
Tang Ying God of War even killed my father God of War
It's part of life.
I did this just because the Qing military government
Tang Ying God of War
You still don't go
It's just a sword
No need to kneel